feat: color picker (#1086)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/color_picker.md

> # Color Picker

Reviewer: Create an example that combines colorpicker with ui.table format.

Author: @mofojed Created an example using the code snippet below. Changing the color picker does not change the table formatting though

```
from deephaven import ui
import deephaven.plot.express as dx

@ui.component
def ui_color_picker_table_format():
    background, set_backgruond = ui.use_state("#232323")
    highlight, set_highlight = ui.use_state("#65C4D7")

    return [
        ui.color_picker(label="Background", value=background, on_change=set_backgruond),
        ui.color_picker(label="Highlight", value=highlight, on_change=set_highlight),
        ui.table(
            dx.data.stocks(),
            format_=[
                ui.TableFormat(background_color=background, color="white"),
                ui.TableFormat(cols="Sym", background_color=highlight),
            ],
        ),
    ]

my_color_picker_table_format = ui_color_picker_table_format()
```

Reviewer 2: Yea unfortunately we still need this PR from @mattrunyon : https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-plugins/pull/1046
Otherwise the table formatting won't update based on changes.

A color picker integrates a swatch with a configurable popover for color editing.

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_color_picker = ui.color_picker(label="Background", default_value="#65C4D7")
```

## Value

A ColorArea requires either a default or controlled value. Use the `default_value` prop to set the initial state (uncontrolled) or the `value` prop to control the current state.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_color_picker_value():
    value, set_value = ui.use_state("#65C4D7")

    return [
        ui.color_picker(label="Uncontrolled", default_value="#65C4D7"),

>         ui.color_picker(label="Controlled", value=value, on_change=set_value),

Reviewer 2: Example isn't working currently, breaks when you pick a new color.
```
TypeError

color.getChannelValue is not a function

TypeError: color.getChannelValue is not a function
    at $2993fcad7650b98d$export$9060ae606178d849 (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-5VQURW7F.js?v=23333ff8:19358:37)
    at $d68786ae409fa722$var$ColorSwatch (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/@adobe_react-spectrum.js?v=23333ff8:8761:83)
    at renderWithHooks (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:11478:26)
    at updateForwardRef (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:13112:28)
    at beginWork (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:14515:22)
    at HTMLUnknownElement.callCallback2 (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:3901:22)
    at Object.invokeGuardedCallbackDev (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:3926:24)
    at invokeGuardedCallback (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:3960:39)
    at beginWork$1 (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:17637:15)
    at performUnitOfWork (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:16861:20)
    at workLoopSync (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:16815:13)
    at renderRootSync (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:16790:15)
    at performSyncWorkOnRoot (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:16530:26)
    at http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:8900:34
    at unstable_runWithPriority (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:353:20)
    at runWithPriority$1 (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:8860:18)
    at flushSyncCallbackQueueImpl (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:8896:17)
    at flushSyncCallbackQueue (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:8886:11)
    at Object.batchedUpdates$1 [as unstable_batchedUpdates] (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-DZEH73WR.js?v=23333ff8:16589:15)
    at eval (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:74114:20)
    at eval (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9411:24)
    at callMethod (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9515:18)
    at noopMiddleware (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9547:10)
    at JSONRPCServer2.callMethod (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9527:51)
    at JSONRPCServer2.eval (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9476:31)
    at step (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9354:17)
    at Object.eval [as next] (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9306:14)
    at eval (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9293:67)
    at new Promise (<anonymous>)
    at __awaiter$1 (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9275:10)
    at JSONRPCServer2.receiveSingle (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9467:14)
    at JSONRPCServer2.receive (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9440:21)
    at JSONRPCServerAndClient2.eval (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9734:38)
    at step (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9662:17)
    at Object.eval [as next] (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9614:14)
    at eval (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9601:67)
    at new Promise (<anonymous>)
    at __awaiter (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9583:10)
    at JSONRPCServerAndClient2.receiveAndSend (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:9724:14)
    at receiveData (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:74203:32)
    at eval (eval at <anonymous> (http://localhost:4000/ide/node_modules/.vite/deps/chunk-U5HSWCVV.js?v=23333ff8:172:22), <anonymous>:74215:11)
    at Object.$lambda$3 (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:12277:5)
    at Function.onInvoke_126 (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:24631:17)
    at lambda (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:195:22)
    at Array.forEach (<anonymous>)
    at Object.$fireEvent (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:12256:15)
    at Object.$lambda$6_3 (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:31795:12)
    at Function.apply_176 (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:32022:10)
    at lambda (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:195:22)
    at http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-internal.js:1:746013
    at Array.forEach (<anonymous>)
    at http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-internal.js:1:745992
    at http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-internal.js:1:11539
    at Array.forEach (<anonymous>)
    at e.rawOnMessage (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-internal.js:1:11501)
    at http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-internal.js:1:9314
    at Array.forEach (<anonymous>)
    at e.onTransportChunk (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-internal.js:1:9189)
    at Object.lambda$1_12 (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:25154:21)
    at Function.onChunk (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:25196:10)
    at lambda (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:195:22)
    at Object.$onMessage (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:25234:35)
    at MultiplexedWebsocketTransport$3methodref$onMessage$Type.handleEvent_2 [as handleEvent] (http://localhost:4000/jsapi/dh-core.js:25376:10)
```

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_color_picker_hide_alpha_channel = ui.color_picker(
    ui.color_editor(hide_alpha_channel=True),
    label="Background",
    default_value="#65C4D7",
)
```

### Rounding

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_color_picker_rounding():
    value, set_value = ui.use_state("#65C4D7")

    return [
        ui.color_picker(label="None", default_value="#65C4D7", rounding="none"),
        ui.color_picker(label="Default", default_value="#FAD35B", rounding="default"),
        ui.color_picker(label="Full", default_value="#EE5D82", rounding="full"),
    ]

my_color_picker_rounding = ui_color_picker_rounding()
```

### Size

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_color_picker_size():
    value, set_value = ui.use_state("#65C4D7")

    return [
        ui.color_picker(label="Extra small", default_value="#65C4D7", size="XS"),
        ui.color_picker(label="Small", default_value="#FAD35B", size="S"),
        ui.color_picker(label="Medium", default_value="#EE5D82", size="M"),
        ui.color_picker(label="Large", default_value="#FFFFFF", size="L"),
    ]

my_color_picker_size = ui_color_picker_size()

> ```

Reviewer: missing autodoc

# Color Picker

A color picker integrates a swatch with a configurable popover for color editing.

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_color_picker = ui.color_picker(label="Background", default_value="#65C4D7")
```

## Value

> A ColorArea requires either a default or controlled value. Use the `default_value` prop to set the initial state (uncontrolled) or the `value` prop to control the current state.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A color area requires either a default or controlled value. Use the `default_value` prop to set the initial state (uncontrolled) or the `value` prop to control the current state.
```

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_color_picker_value():
    value, set_value = ui.use_state("#65C4D7")

    return [
        ui.color_picker(label="Uncontrolled", default_value="#65C4D7"),
        ui.color_picker(label="Controlled", value=value, on_change=set_value),
    ]

my_color_picker_value = ui_color_picker_value()
```

## Labeling

> A visual label can be provided using the `label` prop. If a visible label isn't specified, an `aria_label` prop should be provided for accessiblity

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A visual label can be provided using the `label` prop. If a visible label isn't specified, an `aria_label` prop should be provided for accessibility.
```

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_color_picker_label():
    return [
        ui.color_picker(label="Label", default_value="#65C4D7"),
        ui.color_picker(aria_label="Label", default_value="#65C4D7"),
    ]

my_color_picker_label = ui_color_picker_label()
```

## Events

Color pickers accept an `on_change` prop which triggers when the value is edited.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_color_picker_event():
    return [
        ui.color_picker(
            label="Label",
            default_value="#65C4D7",
            on_change=lambda x: print("Color: ", x),
        )
    ]

my_color_picker_label = ui_color_picker_event()
```

## Visual Options

> ### Hide alpha channel

Reviewer 3: explanation?
